Application:	CU Property
Description:	Application designed to facilitate CU equipment between programs and people within the University.
Author:		Ryan Carney-Mogan
Organization:	ASSETT at the University of Colorado Boulder
Date Created:	September 3rd, 2013
Contact:	Ryan.Carney-Mogan@colorado.edu

---- Things You Should Know ----
The CU Property application is split into two directories:

1. The Yii framework
2. The Web application

The Yii framework has the core framework files that the web application needs to serve up a webpage. 
It is highly recommended that you subversion the Yii framework and run a process that updates 
the framework in the background. This ensures the framework has the latest code and is the most secure. 
You can have multiple instances of the web application all running off the one framework.

Both the framework and the web application are essential to have the application working as a whole.

---- Pre-installation Requirements ----

1. PHP >5.3
2. Apache >2.1
3. MySQL >5.1

---- Installation Instructions ----

1.  Download the main CU Property application, https://github.com/assettcu/cuproperty/archive/master.zip

2.  Extract the folder to your root web directory (for example: /htdocs/web/cuproperty)
	
3.  Create a database in your MySQL Server with a user to access it. 
    
    User access permissions should at least include "Delete", "Insert", "Select", "Update", "Create", "Drop".

4.  Open the application in a browser by navigating to where you placed it in your web directory. 
    The application should automatically redirect you to the Yii installation page.

5.  Click on the button to install the Yii framework.

6.  Once the Yii framework is installed you will be brought to a page that has the Yii Requirements. If there are any
    requirements that fail then you will need to change the server to accomodate the failed requirements.

7.  If the framework passes/warns on all tests, then fill in the database connection information including host,
    username, password, and database name. Check the "overwrite" box if there already exists a database connection
    configuration file (on first setup, this is not necessary).
    
8.  Click the installation button.

9.  You should be sent to the front page where the application will be successfully setup. You can now start using
    the application.

The application should now be set up.

---- Troubleshooting ----

1.  The tables didn't install correctly. What do I do?

You can do a batch import using the .sql file found in "cuproperty/library/setup". Just open up MySQL 
and run the import command using the cuproperty_setup.sql file.

Alternatively, you can setup the database tables manually. The classes used in the application have 
the table schemas saved in the comments. Look in the directory "cuproperty/protected/models" for any class 
with "Obj" in its name. These classes are the ones that interact with the database. Each "Obj" class corresponds 
to a table in the database. The comments inside of these classes have the database structure inside of them.

2.  The application won't load. It says it can't find a file. What do I do?

Usually this means you are not including the framework properly. Double check to make sure 
the "cuproperty/index.php" file is including the "yii.php" file properly from the framework directory. 
Be sure the paths are pointing to the framework directory. It's important to have the proper number 
of "../" paths. This is a common mistake.

3.  Some of the images or included templates are not loading. What do I do?

Make sure you've changed the main directives in the "cuproperty/index.php" class. They should point to 
the local library in both the local path as well as the web url path.

Otherwise, there might be remnant pieces of code referencing old paths. This application was tied into 
a network framework so there might be references that are orphaned.
